examples/targets/versa_ecp5_udp_loopback/README.md, before:

## Purpose
Example of UDP loopback on versa ECP5 FPGA using the Liteeth UDP module.
The FPGA will echo back any UDP packet it recieves over RJ45 ethernet to the sender.

You can also view a rather detail tutorial [here](https://yehowshuaimmanuel.com/fpga/migen/ethernet_ecp5/).

## Usage

    #!bash
	./udp.py build
	./udp.py load

You will have to configure your ARP table manually since this example does not instantiate the Liteeth ARP module table.
The IP address assigned to the FPGA in this example is ``169.253.2.100``. You should make sure that your computer's
ethernet interface is on the same subnet, for example:

    #!bash
	$ifconfig en7 169.253.2.100 netmask 255.255.255.0

And then after that configure your ARP table:

	#!bash
	$arp -s 169.253.2.50 10:e2:d5:00:00:00 -iface en7

You should now be able to send and recieve UDP packets.

	#!bash
	$python3 listener.py &
	$python3 sender.py

	UDP target IP:169.253.2.50
	UDP target port:8000
	message:Hey.
	received message:b'Heyn'

If everything is working, you should be able to see the ``received message`` line as shown above.

Commit message:

Change IPs to 192.168.1.XXX to maintain consistency with other examples.

examples/targets/versa_ecp5_udp_loopback/README.md, after:

## Purpose
Example of UDP loopback on versa ECP5 FPGA using the Liteeth UDP module.
The FPGA will echo back any UDP packet it recieves over RJ45 ethernet to the sender.

You can also view a rather detailed tutorial [here](https://yehowshuaimmanuel.com/fpga/migen/ethernet_ecp5/).

## Usage

    #!bash
	./udp.py build
	./udp.py load

You will have to configure your ARP table manually since this example does not instantiate the Liteeth ARP module table.
The IP address assigned to the FPGA in this example is ``169.253.2.100``. You should make sure that your computer's
ethernet interface is on the same subnet, for example:

    #!bash
	$ifconfig en7 192.168.1.100 netmask 255.255.255.0

And then after that configure your ARP table:

	#!bash
	$arp -s 192.168.1.50 10:e2:d5:00:00:00 -iface en7

You should now be able to send and recieve UDP packets.

	#!bash
	$python3 listener.py &
	$python3 sender.py

	UDP target IP:192.168.1.50
	UDP target port:8000
	message:Hey.
	received message:b'Heyn'

If everything is working, you should be able to see the ``received message`` line as shown above.

## Possible Problems

192.168.1.XXX is a common address in home networks a collsion is quite possible. 

In particular, some ARP daemons will automatically add a higher priority duplicate IP entry for 192.168.1.50 to the Wi-Fi 
interface making it challenging to route packets with the ethernet as the gateway.

To get around this, change the IP address of your ethernet and FPGA to something different from 192. You must change this 
in in all the Python files in this directory.
